
	1.
        a) Class and Object													- 				done
        b) Class constructor													- 				done
        c) Polymorphism															- 				done
        d) Method overloading													- 				done
        e) Method overriding													- 				done
        f) Inheritance															- 				done
        g) Interface																-				done
        h) Abstract class														-				done
        i) Abstraction and Encapsulation									-				done
        j) Composition and Aggregation										-				done
        k) Generalization and Specialization								-				done
        
        
    2.
    	  a) concatenate
    	  b) length
    	  c) uppercase and lowercase
    	  d) substring
    	  e) split a sentence
    	  f) reverse a string 
    	  
    	  - done with all the above operations !!!!
    	  
	 3.
	 
	 	  a) Create a new directory - using File object
	 	  b) Create a new text file and write content to it - using File and FileWriter
	 	  c) Read the content from an existing text file - using FileReader
	 	  d) Append new content to an existing text file - using 
        
        - done with all the operations!!!!!
        
        
	 4.
	 	   a) Create and start multiple threads.																	-			done
	 	   b) Synchronize threads to avoid race conditions and ensure data consistency.				-			done
	 	   c) Use wait() and notify() to implement thread communication.									-			done
	 	   d) Implement producer-consumer problem using thread synchronization								-			done
        	e) Use sleep() to pause threads for a specified duration.
        											-			done
        	f) Demonstrate thread interruption and thread termination										-			done	
        	g) Use thread pools to manage a group of threads efficiently										-			done
        	h) Implement thread synchronization using locks and conditions.										-			done
        	i) Demonstrate deadlock and ways to avoid it.												-			done
        	j) Use thread-local variables to handle thread-specific data.												-			done			
        									
        
        
        
